Update outdated manage root organization UI in IS next docs and add manage current organization section (#5602)
wso2/docs-is: en/includes/guides/branding/configure-ui-branding.md

   <tr>
      <td><b>Organization Display Name</b></td>
      <td>This name will appear as the organization name in the emails that send to your users. If not set, {{ product_name }} defaults are used.</td>
   </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><b>Contact Email</b></td>
      <td>This email address will appear on emails, error pages and, other pages where users would require support from the organization admin.</td>
   </tr>
</table>

{% if product_name == "WSO2 Identity Server" and is_version > "7.1.0" %}

> !!! warning "Deprecated: Organization Display Name"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! warning "Deprecated feature"
```

Author: How do we convey it's the Organization Display Name is the deprecated and not the other attribute in the table?

>     Use the new, user-friendly, editable root organization name for improved consistency and customization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Use the root organization name instead of the organization display name to ensure consistency and allow better customization.
```
